Host os is shared by all the containers 
application is decoupled from the os 
startup takes a few ms 
packing is not bulky 

container has os which has only boot and Filesystem which is hardly 40 MB 

what is baremetal?
Baremetal is a software which is used to run the operating system without hypervisors.
what is daemon process?
Daemon is a process which is ever running process.
what are namespaces?
It is a seperate space or seperate logical component for a container.
Docker uses a technology called namespaces to 
provide the isolated workspace called the container.  
These namespaces provide a layer of isolation.
Docker engine uses pid,net,ipc and mnt,uts namespaces.
What are Cgroups?
Cgroups limits an application to a specific set of resources.
Importatnt topics for docker?
1)container
2)images
3)network 
4)volumes 

docker cli >> restapi >> dockerd(docker daemon)

Docker is a client server architecture
docker client recieves the command and passes to the docker daemon
It has different parts like below -
1)dockerd - any command executed will be done here 
1)containerd- It manages the lifecycles of the container - It starts the runc process
2)runc(starts a container and exits) - communicates with the linux process and allocates a process 
for a container
3)containerd-shim(watcher)- It monitors the container and whenever container dies it notifies 
the runc that container is died 
It will be alive till the container is live.

Lifecycle of containers 
1)create
2)created
3)start
4)running 
5)stop 
6)stopped

Pause vs stop
Pause does not kill the process of a container and data will be available 
we can unpause the container again 
whereas stop can kill the process .

=>If we exit the primary process of a contianer then the container will be killed
The process which we started is called primary process and if we killed the primary process 
then the container will  die.

Docker images 
-------------
A docker image is made up of multiple layers or Dockerfile.
Docker image is immutable.

Docker registry 
---------------
Registry is a stateless,highly scalable server-side application that stores and lets you 
distribute images 

Docker hub 
-----------
It is registry where we can push the images and pull the images and it is a public repo 

Docker Networking
------------------
1)Bridge (default network)
2)Host 
3)None
=>containers can communicate only when they are on the same network
